Isn’t Blue Shrimp Group a small company that has just risen?
How come she has the same feelings as me?
Help me with the wrong facts
I want you to go to dinner
Anyway, it's obvious to you
But I would like a few
Let me take action
blue shrimp group
How long will it take for you to complete this project?
It will take us about six months to fly
Dear police, the results will be released later.
We begged a family for six months
The three-month period within which the Blue Shrimp Group can issue the offer
This joke group is so irresponsible
Is there something wrong with everyone in this group?
This woman is looking for trouble with me
Yes, the most tuan is a matter that is not as good as one’s heart.
good good
You threw me into my face
Are you satisfied now?
Go go go go go
I shouldn't have brought you here
What's the score?
He probably took me with him
You have to thank me
What did you show most this time?
Come on, three or four points or something?
How is it possible